cast
for you we'll find it after many days
give a serving to seven and also to
eight for you do not know what evil will
be on the earth if the clouds are full
of rain they empty themselves upon the
earth and if a tree falls to the south
or the north in the place where the tree
falls there it shall lie he who observes
the wind will not sow and he who regards
the clouds will not reap as you do not
know what is the way of the wind or how
the body will of her who is with child
so you do not know the works of God who
makes everything in the morning so your
see and in the evening do not withhold
your hand for you do not know which will
prosper either this or that or whether
both alike will be good
truly the light is sweet and it is
pleasant for the eyes to behold the Sun
but if a man lives many years and
rejoices in them all yet let him
remember the days of darkness for there
will be many all that is coming is
vanity
rejoice Oh young man in your youth and
let your heart cheer you in the days of
your youth walk in the ways of your
heart and in the sight of your eyes but
know that for all these God will bring
you into judgment
therefore remove sorrow from your heart
and put away evil from your flesh for
childhood and youth are vanity